Well, Tao's home on the farm he's a friend to Maggie.
They look like they're doing great right now, but how was it when they first were introduced?
Let me take you back to some of those first moments just a few days ago
You might be surprised
Good boy, Way to go.
He looks so big here.
Oh, look at you.
Are you Okay? That was quite the ride wasn't it?
Just be very careful. Don't give him that much Liz.
Walk him back, walk him around.
Maggie, you're not even focused on him.
You wanna go see?
a little more.
Oh hi.
[train horn sounds in the distance]
How about walking them over to the round pin area and we'll walk them in circles on
Opposite sides of the pin now Adelynn you head to the left and just walk them on opposite sides the same direction
Pick him up make him walk
Keep them on opposite sides of the pin for now
There you go
For tonight the first night, we don't want to keep them together because we haven't really
Acclimated them very well
So we're gonna keep Maggie in Maggie's place the old place for tonight and then tomorrow. We'll work on getting them
Used to being around each other.
today is day two of the horses being together
They were introduced sort of last night and today
We're going to put them together and see how they interact we're gonna tiptoe into that last night Maggie stayed here
And tayo stayed back. Oh, where is he somewhere back over there and
Now we're gonna. Just see what happens
He's starring at her.
You see her Tao?
Oh hey Tao.
Hey, I'm going to let her go because if something happens I don't want to [words not understood]
We were told there was going to be some kicking and some biting no matter
How we did this we introduced them over the fence last night. They've been seeing each other all morning over the fence today. I
Didn't know there would be this much
Kicking, it's a little nervous a little nerve-wracking for me
But it looks like maybe they're settling down and sorting it out at least. I hope that's the case
I'm not sure if the ears
Back on it on the head, Tao's head
I'm sure it means something. I'm not I don't know exactly what it means the positioning the the scratching the head down
Maggie seems
Fairly relaxed and fairly normal until Tao gets too close.
Before we bought Maggi she lived at a barn a facility where there were a lot of horses and according to my daughter ,
Maggie reacted similar in a similar way when she was introduced to other horses, so I think she has a little bit of a
dominance
streak in her
You ok Tao?
Might be really silly for being in here with them
I'm backing up because
Tao is positioning himself a little bit walking toward me and I want to make sure that I don't get caught in the crossfire
Tao definitely looks a little nervous Maggie seems pretty chill and
Yeah, I don't know if that's because she's the mare and he's the gelding you know male versus female or if it's just this
Is Maggie's property and Tao is introduced and he's the new guy or you know? I'm trying to read into this a little bit
But I really don't know what I'm talking about
According to some of the horse stuff that we know if they're licking and chewing and their ears are forward
Then they're okay, she seems pretty okay
But they're still trying to figure each other out
And I'm trying to position myself around trees so that I can get away if I need to you
Maggie
Quite honestly, I probably put myself in an awkward and dangerous position by being in there with the horses
We're gonna leave them to sort things out. It looks like they're gonna. They're gonna figure it out. Hopefully
There's not a whole lot of biting and kicking still left to do, but I guess that's normal
And they have to work that out, so we'll come back in a little bit and see how
they're doing.
While they weren't looking my daughter dropped the blue toy out here
which has green in it the horses rolled around and the grain falls out, and then they eat the grain I
Guess we're hoping that if there's enough distraction the horses can
I don't know, maybe find a way to not
Focus on each other, but maybe they need to
What that is doing it's giving Tao something to distract him so Maggie can get some hay
It's day three
Christmas Day
We just had our family times, and now I'm gonna go out here and check on the horses. My daughter's already out
The horses from here up here to be doing fine
Hey Maggie. Tao.
You guys doing okay this morning? yeah?
Are you taking Maggie for a walk out front?
Yeah, I'll take her out this morning to let her graze. Okay.
Good boy Tao.
From what I've seen that now after the introduction the day two and the morning on day three
This has been a successful
Introduction of two horses
We may not have done it all correctly according to other people's methods
But the biting and the kicking we were told was going to be normal and they did do that
So I know I put myself in a little bit of a bad position at times while I was in the field
With the horses, that's probably not something you should try at home. I didn't really think that through
But you know I'm okay, and we came out okay, if you like this video, please share
He's talking to you
He's saying, please share this video with your friends and family because we will all consider that a gift
Thank you so much for watching this episode of
Horses on the Daddykirbs farm. I'll talk to you soon
Yeah, are you talking to me? Are you talking to the people in the camera, or do you miss Maggie?
You miss Maggie that's it